Update troubleshooting guide for headless (#306)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/troubleshooting/_index.en.md

Events:  <none>
```

> For headless Service, you need to check `EndpointSlice` resource.

Author: This is because for ClusterIP currently we don't need to check anything. so L194-217 is continuation of what we have at L189. This will change and we'll revisit this once Aswin's patch to use endpointslice for ClusterIP is merged.

using [`subctl show endpoint`](../deployment/subctl/_index.en.md#show-endpoints). The Lighthouse CoreDNS Server only returns IPs
from connected clusters.

##### Check EndpointSlice resources

For headless Service, next we check if the EndpointSlice resources were properly created for the service you're
trying to access. EndpointSlice resources are created in the same namespace as the source Service. The format of a EndpointSlice
resource's name is as follows:

`<service-name>--<cluster-id>`

Run `kubectl get endpointslices --all-namespaces |grep <your-service-name>` on the Broker cluster to check if a resource was created for
your service. If not, then check the Lighthouse Agent logs on the cluster where service was created and look for any error or warning
messages indicating a failure to create the ServiceImport resource for your service. The most common error is `Forbidden` if the RBAC wasn't
configured correctly. Depending on the deployment method used, 'subctl' or 'helm', it should've been done for you. Create an
[issue](https://github.com/submariner-io/lighthouse/issues) with relevant log entries.

> If the EndpointSlice resource was created correctly on the Broker cluster, the next step is to check if it exists on the cluster where
> you're trying to access the service. Follow the same steps as earlier to get the list of the EndpointSlice resources and check if the
> EndpointSlice for your service exists. If not, check the logs of the Lighthouse Agent on the cluster where you are trying to access the
> service. As described earlier, it will most commonly be an issue with RBAC otherwise create an
> [issue](https://github.com/submariner-io/lighthouse/issues) with relevant log entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the EndpointSlice resource was created correctly on the Broker cluster, the next step is to check if it exists on the cluster where
you're trying to access the Service. Follow the same steps as earlier to get the list of the EndpointSlice resources and check if the
EndpointSlice for the Service exists. If not, check the logs of the Lighthouse Agent on the cluster where you are trying to access the
Service. As described earlier, it will most commonly be an issue with RBAC so create an
[issue](https://github.com/submariner-io/lighthouse/issues) with relevant log entries.
```

If the EndpointSlice resource was created properly on the cluster, run
`kubectl -n <your-service-namespace> describe endpointslice <your-endpointslice-name>`
and check if it has the correct endpoint addresses:

```text
Name:         nginx-ss-cluster2
Namespace:    default
Labels:       endpointslice.kubernetes.io/managed-by=lighthouse-agent.submariner.io
              lighthouse.submariner.io/sourceCluster=cluster2
              lighthouse.submariner.io/sourceName=nginx-ss
              lighthouse.submariner.io/sourceNamespace=default
              multicluster.kubernetes.io/service-name=nginx-ss-default-cluster2
Annotations:  <none>
AddressType:  IPv4
Ports:
  Name  Port  Protocol
  ----  ----  --------
  web   80    TCP
Endpoints:
  - Addresses:  10.242.0.5  -----> Pod IP
    Conditions:
      Ready:    true

>     Hostname:   web-0   -----> pod hostname

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Hostname:   web-0   -----> Pod hostname
```

    Topology:   kubernetes.io/hostname=cluster2-worker2
  - Addresses:  10.242.224.4
    Conditions:
      Ready:   true
    Hostname:  web-1
    Topology:  kubernetes.io/hostname=cluster2-worker
Events:        <none>
```

> If the `Addresses` are correct but still not being returned from DNS queries, try querying IPs in specific cluster using
> by prefixing your service query with `<cluster-id>.` If that returns the IPs correctly, then check the connectivity to the cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `Addresses` are correct but still not being returned from DNS queries, try querying IPs in a specific cluster
by prefixing the query with `<cluster-id>.` If that returns the IPs correctly, then check the connectivity to the cluster
```

> using [`subctl show endpoint`](../deployment/subctl/_index.en.md#show-endpoints). The Lighthouse CoreDNS Server only returns IPs

Reviewer: Don't we want to show the Gateways?

Author: `show endpoints` is the one that actually shows connection status

from connected clusters.

> For errors querying specific pods of a StatefulSet, check that the `Hostname` is correct for the endpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For errors querying specific Pods of a StatefulSet, check that the `Hostname` is correct for the endpoint.
```

> For errors querying specific pods of a `StatefulSet`, check the `Hostname` is correct for that endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For errors querying specific pods of a StatefulSet, check that the `Hostname` is correct for the endpoint.
```

> If still not working, raise an [issue](https://github.com/submariner-io/lighthouse/issues) with relevant log entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If still not working, file an [issue](https://github.com/submariner-io/lighthouse/issues) with relevant log entries.
```
